in the beginning God created the heavens
in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth the earth was without form
and the earth the earth was without form
and the earth the earth was without form and void and darkness was on the face of
and void and darkness was on the face of
and void and darkness was on the face of the deep and the Spirit of God was
the deep and the Spirit of God was
the deep and the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters
hovering over the face of the waters
hovering over the face of the waters then God said let there be light
and there was light and God saw the
and there was light and God saw the light that it was good and God divided
light that it was good and God divided
light that it was good and God divided the light from the darkness God called
the light from the darkness God called
the light from the darkness God called the light day and the darkness he called
the light day and the darkness he called
the light day and the darkness he called night so the evening and the morning
night so the evening and the morning
night so the evening and the morning were the first day let there be a
were the first day let there be a
were the first day let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters and
firmament in the midst of the waters and
firmament in the midst of the waters and let it divide the waters from the waters
thus God made the firmament and divided
thus God made the firmament and divided the waters which were under the
the waters which were under the
the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were
firmament from the waters which were
firmament from the waters which were above the firmament and it was so and
above the firmament and it was so and
above the firmament and it was so and God called the firmament heaven so the
God called the firmament heaven so the
God called the firmament heaven so the evening and the morning were the second
evening and the morning were the second
evening and the morning were the second day
let the waters under the heavens be
let the waters under the heavens be gathered together in one place and let
gathered together in one place and let
gathered together in one place and let the dry land appear
and it was served and God called the dry
and it was served and God called the dry land earth and the gathering together of
land earth and the gathering together of
land earth and the gathering together of the waters he called seas and God saw
the waters he called seas and God saw
the waters he called seas and God saw that it was good
that it was good
that it was good let the earth bring forth grass the herb
let the earth bring forth grass the herb
let the earth bring forth grass the herb that yields seed and the fruit tree that
that yields seed and the fruit tree that
that yields seed and the fruit tree that yields fruit according to its kind whose
yields fruit according to its kind whose
yields fruit according to its kind whose seed is in itself on the earth and it
seed is in itself on the earth and it
seed is in itself on the earth and it was so and the earth brought forth grass
was so and the earth brought forth grass
was so and the earth brought forth grass the herb that yields seed according to
the herb that yields seed according to
the herb that yields seed according to its kind and the tree that yields fruit
its kind and the tree that yields fruit
its kind and the tree that yields fruit whose seed is in itself according to its
whose seed is in itself according to its
whose seed is in itself according to its kind and God saw that it was good so the
kind and God saw that it was good so the
kind and God saw that it was good so the evening in the morning were the third
evening in the morning were the third
evening in the morning were the third day let there be lights in the firmament
day let there be lights in the firmament
day let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the
of the heaven to divide the day from the
of the heaven to divide the day from the night and let them be for signs and
night and let them be for signs and
night and let them be for signs and seasons and for days and years and let
seasons and for days and years and let
seasons and for days and years and let them be for lights in the firmament of
them be for lights in the firmament of
them be for lights in the firmament of the heavens to give light on the earth
the heavens to give light on the earth
the heavens to give light on the earth and it was so
then God made two great lights the
then God made two great lights the greater light to rule the day and the
greater light to rule the day and the
greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night he made
lesser light to rule the night he made
lesser light to rule the night he made the stars also God set them in the
the stars also God set them in the
the stars also God set them in the firmament of the heavens to give light
firmament of the heavens to give light
firmament of the heavens to give light on the earth and to rule over the day
on the earth and to rule over the day
on the earth and to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the
and over the night and to divide the
and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness and God saw that
light from the darkness and God saw that
light from the darkness and God saw that it was good so the evening and the
it was good so the evening and the
it was good so the evening and the morning were the fourth day let the
morning were the fourth day let the
morning were the fourth day let the waters are bound with an abundance of
waters are bound with an abundance of
waters are bound with an abundance of living creatures and let birds fly above
living creatures and let birds fly above
living creatures and let birds fly above the earth across the face of the
the earth across the face of the
the earth across the face of the firmament of the heavens
so God created great sea creatures and
so God created great sea creatures and every living thing that moves with which
every living thing that moves with which
every living thing that moves with which the waters are bounded according to
the waters are bounded according to
the waters are bounded according to their kind
their kind
their kind [Music]
[Music]
[Music] every winged bird according to its kind
every winged bird according to its kind
every winged bird according to its kind and God saw that it was good and God
and God saw that it was good and God
and God saw that it was good and God bless them be fruitful and multiply and
bless them be fruitful and multiply and
bless them be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in the seas and let
fill the waters in the seas and let
fill the waters in the seas and let Birds multiply on the earth so the
Birds multiply on the earth so the
Birds multiply on the earth so the evening and the morning were the fifth
evening and the morning were the fifth
evening and the morning were the fifth day let the earth bring forth the living
day let the earth bring forth the living
day let the earth bring forth the living creature according to its kind cattle
creature according to its kind cattle
creature according to its kind cattle and creeping thing and beast of the
and creeping thing and beast of the
and creeping thing and beast of the earth each according to its bond and it
earth each according to its bond and it
earth each according to its bond and it was so and God made the beasts of the
was so and God made the beasts of the
was so and God made the beasts of the earth according to its kind cattle
earth according to its kind cattle
earth according to its kind cattle according to its kind and everything
according to its kind and everything
according to its kind and everything that creeps on the earth according to
that creeps on the earth according to
that creeps on the earth according to its kind and God saw that it was good
its kind and God saw that it was good
its kind and God saw that it was good let us make man in our image according
let us make man in our image according
let us make man in our image according to our likeness let them have dominion
to our likeness let them have dominion
to our likeness let them have dominion over the fish of the sea over the birds
over the fish of the sea over the birds
over the fish of the sea over the birds of the air and over the cattle over all
of the air and over the cattle over all
of the air and over the cattle over all the earth
the earth
the earth and over every creeping thing that
and over every creeping thing that
and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth so God created man
creeps on the earth so God created man
creeps on the earth so God created man in his own image in the image of God he
in his own image in the image of God he
in his own image in the image of God he created him male and female he created
created him male and female he created
created him male and female he created them then God blessed be fruitful and
them then God blessed be fruitful and
them then God blessed be fruitful and multiply fill the earth and subdue it
multiply fill the earth and subdue it
multiply fill the earth and subdue it have dominion over the fish of the sea
have dominion over the fish of the sea
have dominion over the fish of the sea over the birds of the air and over every
over the birds of the air and over every
over the birds of the air and over every living thing that moves on the earth see
living thing that moves on the earth see
living thing that moves on the earth see I have given you every herb that yields
I have given you every herb that yields
I have given you every herb that yields seed which is on the face of all the
seed which is on the face of all the
seed which is on the face of all the earth and every tree whose fruit yields
earth and every tree whose fruit yields
earth and every tree whose fruit yields seed to you it shall be for food
seed to you it shall be for food
seed to you it shall be for food also to every beast of the earth to
also to every beast of the earth to
also to every beast of the earth to every bird of the air and to everything
every bird of the air and to everything
every bird of the air and to everything that creeps on the earth in which there
that creeps on the earth in which there
that creeps on the earth in which there is life I have given every green herb
is life I have given every green herb
is life I have given every green herb for fluid and it was so then God saw
for fluid and it was so then God saw
for fluid and it was so then God saw everything that he had made and indeed
everything that he had made and indeed
everything that he had made and indeed it was very good so the evening and the
it was very good so the evening and the
it was very good so the evening and the morning were the sixth day
morning were the sixth day
morning were the sixth day [Music]